account_invoice_company_search/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==============================
Account Invioce Company Search
==============================

This module extends the functionality of account to search
and group by to company. The user has to be Multi company.

Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

  Just install the module

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

	No configuration needed




Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Firstname Lastname <jjs@adhoc.com.ar>


Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

Account Invioce Company Search
This module adds possibility of filtering and grouping by company on
invoices. The user has to be Multi company

account_invoice_company_search/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==============================
Account Invioce Company Search
==============================

This module adds possibility of filtering and grouping by company on invoices.
The user has to be Multi company

Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

  Just install the module

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

	No configuration needed




Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Firstname Lastname <jjs@adhoc.com.ar>


Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
