account_invoice_refund_link/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=================================
Link refund invoice with original
=================================

This module links customer and supplier refunds with the invoice that originate
them (and invoice lines).

Usage
=====

This module creates in the invoice form a new 'Refund' page.

In case of refund invoices this new page shows refund reason and original
invoice information.

In case of original invoices this new page shows a line for each refund
invoice with main information.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/95/11.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/account_invoicing/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Pexego Sistemas Informáticos. (http://pexego.es)
* Pedro M. Baeza <pedro.baeza@serviciosbaeza.com>
* Antonio Espinosa <antonio.espinosa@tecnativa.com>
* Luis M. Ontalba <luis.martinez@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[FIX] account_invoice_refund_link: Don't choke with standard fields
Since v11, Odoo counts with a field called `refund_invoice_ids` of type
one2many, which conflicts with the m2m field defined in this module.
Moreover, these fields are not needed anymore.

There is only 2 OCA modules using this module right now, and they
don't need significant changes for this adaptation, but I will do it
when this get merged.

account_invoice_refund_link/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=================================
Link refund invoice with original
=================================

This module shows the links between refunds and their original invoices in the
invoice form and also keep track of refund lines and their original invoice
lines.

Usage
=====

This module creates in the invoice form a new 'Refunds' page when the invoice
has some refunds. It shows a line for each refund invoice with main
information.

For refunds, it shows in "Other information" page the refund reason and
original invoice link.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/95/11.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/account_invoicing/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Pexego Sistemas Informáticos. (http://pexego.es)
* Pedro M. Baeza <pedro.baeza@tecnativa.com>
* Antonio Espinosa <antonio.espinosa@tecnativa.com>
* Luis M. Ontalba <luis.martinez@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
