account_fiscal_agent/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

====================
Account Fiscal Agent
====================

* This module allows you to configure agent accounts, journals, and taxes in fiscal positions.
* Upon validating the invoice a new draft Invoice is created in the name of same partner with the above pre-configured details.

Installation
============

This module depends on:

* account

Configuration
=============

There is nothing to configure.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* Add agent accounts, journals and taxes in the Fiscal Position.
* A new draft invoice will be created in the name of same partner upon validating the invoice.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/95/8.0

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* No known issues.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.


Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Serpent Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd.
* Agile Business Group


Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

IMP account_fiscal_agent: fiscal position view; invoice confirmation Raise errors if missing config
FIX account_fiscal_agent: do not propagate fiscal_position to other company

FIX missing fiscal position mapping
and fiscal agent invoice copied
and missing invoice validation
and workflow sync
and missing perdiod

ADD translations

account_fiscal_agent/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

====================
Account Fiscal Agent
====================

This module automates accounting entries of fiscal agent companies.

Use case
--------

Company A is located in country A.
Company B is located in country B and is the fiscal agent of company A, for country B.
When company A issues an invoice to customer C (of country B), company B has to manage fiscal matters on behalf of Company A.

This module allows you to configure fiscal agent accounts, journals, and taxes in fiscal positions of company A. So that, upon validating the invoice of company A, a new invoice (for company B) is created in the name of same partner with the above pre-configured details.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* Map fiscal agent accounts, journals and taxes in the Fiscal Position. This must be done by a user who can see data from both the companies

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/95/8.0


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.


Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Serpent Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd.
* Agile Business Group


Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
