account_invoice_date_required/README.rst, before:

=============================
Account Invoice Date Required
=============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--invoicing-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/10.0/account_invoice_date_required
    :alt: OCA/account-invoicing
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-invoicing-10-0/account-invoicing-10-0-account_invoice_date_required
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/95/10.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

In Odoo, when you validate an invoice with a void invoice date, it is
automatically filled in with current date (today).

The invoice validation is now restricted if the invoice date is not filled in.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

Create an invoice with a void date (Invoicing > Sales > Customer Invoices).

Try to validate it. An error is raised.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_date_required%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Denis Roussel <denis.roussel@acsone.eu>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-rousseldenis| image:: https://github.com/rousseldenis.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/rousseldenis
    :alt: rousseldenis

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-rousseldenis| 

This module is part of the `OCA/account-invoicing <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/10.0/account_invoice_date_required>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[10.0][IMP] account_invoice_date_required: Add check as optional

account_invoice_date_required/README.rst, after:

=============================
Account Invoice Date Required
=============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--invoicing-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/10.0/account_invoice_date_required
    :alt: OCA/account-invoicing
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-invoicing-10-0/account-invoicing-10-0-account_invoice_date_required
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/95/10.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

In Odoo, when you validate an invoice with a void invoice date, it is
automatically filled in with current date (today).

The invoice validation is now restricted if the invoice date is not filled in.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to Accounting > Settings > Invoicing & Payments > Date Required

Check the box if you want to make the invoice date required before
validation.

Usage
=====

Create an invoice with a void date (Accounting > Sales > Customer Invoices).

Try to validate it. An error is raised.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_date_required%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Denis Roussel <denis.roussel@acsone.eu>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-rousseldenis| image:: https://github.com/rousseldenis.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/rousseldenis
    :alt: rousseldenis

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-rousseldenis| 

This module is part of the `OCA/account-invoicing <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/10.0/account_invoice_date_required>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
