account_outstanding_payments/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

============================
Account Outstanding Payments
============================

This module was written to extend the functionality of account module
to support outstanding payments and allow you to reconcile invoices with
previous payments done by the customer.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:


    image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
    :alt: Try me on Runbot
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/account-invoicing/8.0

.. repo_id is available in https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/tools/repos_with_ids.txt

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Quentin De Paoli <qdp@odoo.com>
* Nicolas Martinelli <nim@odoo.com>
* Raphael Collet <rco@openerp.com> 
* Cédric Snauwaert <csn@openerp.com>
* Denis Ledoux <dle@odoo.com>  
* George Daramouskas <gdaramouskas@therp.nl>

Do not contact contributors directly about help with questions or problems concerning this addon, but use the `community mailing list <mailto:community@mail.odoo.com>`_ or the `appropriate specialized mailinglist <https://odoo-community.org/groups>`_ for help, and the bug tracker linked in `Bug Tracker`_ above for technical issues.

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[FIX] Adds Odoo SA and OCA as contributors, changes the licence

account_outstanding_payments/README.rst, after:

    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3

============================
Account Outstanding Payments
============================

This module was written to extend the functionality of account module
to support outstanding payments and allow you to reconcile invoices with
previous payments done by the customer.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:


    image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
    :alt: Try me on Runbot
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/account-invoicing/8.0

.. repo_id is available in https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/tools/repos_with_ids.txt

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

**This module is a backport from Odoo SA and as such, it is not included in the OCA CLA. That means we do not have a copy of the copyright on it like all other OCA modules.**

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Quentin De Paoli <qdp@odoo.com>
* Nicolas Martinelli <nim@odoo.com>
* Raphael Collet <rco@openerp.com> 
* Cédric Snauwaert <csn@openerp.com>
* Denis Ledoux <dle@odoo.com>  
* George Daramouskas <gdaramouskas@therp.nl>

Do not contact contributors directly about help with questions or problems concerning this addon, but use the `community mailing list <mailto:community@mail.odoo.com>`_ or the `appropriate specialized mailinglist <https://odoo-community.org/groups>`_ for help, and the bug tracker linked in `Bug Tracker`_ above for technical issues.

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
